hi my name is elizabeth i'm a medical
student and an artist living in london
and i wanted to share how my exact
method of
making anki flashcards has transformed
my study life
in medical school in my first and second
year of medical school i
avoided flashcards like the plague what
would happen
was i just couldn't be bothered to make
the flashcards themselves most of the
time
or i would have these days of random
inspiration where i would sit down and
bash out a hundred flashcards and never
ever use them again
so in general i was just realized that
they really weren't providing any value
for me
flash forward two years and i started
working for ali
and i watched his skillshare class
on making anki flash cards ali being the
absolute legend that he is
made me stop and think that there must
be something
to this so i reconsidered so the
combination of
ali's existence and my investment of 20
pounds in the ios
anki app resulted in me giving anki the
time
to figure out how i could make it work
and
i did so i'm going to share with you my
main issues
with creating flashcards in general and
how i have solved them my main issues
were that i couldn't be bothered to type
things out
i couldn't be bothered to make questions
and also i just really got annoyed
at the card flipping after a few cards
it just got to me those are some reasons
why my previous methods were not working
for me traditional flashcard will have a
front
and a back the back will be the
information that you want to commit to
memory and in the front will be a
question or a prompt
that will try to make you recall that
information for example
if i want to memorize that patients with
a queue risk of
under 10 will only be offered lifestyle
advice i'll make a front along the lines
of
what do we offer patients with a q risk
of under 10
and on the back i will put offer
lifestyle advice the steps that i need
to go through to do this
are too much friction for me so first i
need to identify that this is
information that i want to commit to
memory
second i will copy or paste or write the
text in the answer
and then third i need to create and type
out a question itself
the thing that changed for me was
transforming
from basic flash cards to closes if you
go to your anki deck and add a new flash
card
you will see on the top that you have
type and you're probably on the basic
type
what you want to do is click that basic
scroll all the way down
and go to close 916 af why this is
incredible
is that instead of having a front and
back flash card
you have a piece of information within
which you can hide
what you want to recall so for example
instead of creating a question for this
q risk thing
i will just copy paste the whole thing
and hide the lifestyle advice this only
takes four steps and most of the time i
can do it in under a second
so while i'm i'm on my laptop if there's
any information that i want to memorize
an anki i will copy
paste it onto anki select the part
that's relevant create a close from it
press command enter and i am done take
this information from anywhere
an ongoing lecture your own personal
notes
books you may have legally downloaded
anything i also use this
from pass med so if there's a question
that i get wrong or something that i
really want to memorize
or that i want to learn and don't know
too well i will
copy and paste the answer into anki and
hide the part that contains the
information and in this way
i can create decks that are customized
you don't need to download
with information that we just don't need
to know in the uk for some reason so i
would really really recommend that you
test this out
especially if you're already using ankit
please let me know if you've tried this
or if you try it out and how it works
for you hopefully it can make
your process of studying adjust that bit
easier
as always thank you so much for watching
have a wonderful day be kind to yourself
and others and don't believe everything
you think
bye